README.md, before:

ghidra-rest-api
===============

This extension adds read-only REST API to your Ghidra project.

## Installation

Download prebuilt package from the [Releases](https://github.com/kotcrab/ghidra-rest-api/releases) section. Select release which matches
your Ghidra version. Then in main Ghidra window:
1. Select `File -> Install Extensions`.
2. Press the green plus button.
3. Select downloaded ZIP.
4. Restart Ghidra.

## Usage

After installing this extension enable the `RestApiPlugin` in the `Miscellaneous` plugins configuration window.
Then after opening program select `Start Rest API Server` from the `Tools` menu bar. The server will start on port `18489`.
The port currently can only be changed by setting `GHIDRA_REST_API_PORT` environment variable.

The following endpoints are available:

- `GET /v1/bookmarks` - return all bookmarks from the current `Program`.
- `GET /v1/memory-blocks` - return all memory blocks from the current `Program`.
- `GET /v1/memory?address={addressString}&length={length}` - return memory of the current `Program`.
- `GET /v1/relocations` - return all relocations from the current `Program`.
- `GET /v1/symbols` - return all symbols from the current `Program`.
- `GET /v1/types` - return all types used in the current `Program`.

If you have some usecase which requires access to other `Program` data then feel free to open issue describing what is needed.

## Building

`GHIDRA_INSTALL_DIR` environment variable must be set to Ghidra root installation directory.

- `./gradlew buildExtension` - build extension, this will create a zip file in the `dist` directory.

The following commands require `GHIDRA_USER_DIR` environment variable, it must be set to your Ghidra user
directory, for example: `C:\Users\<user>\.ghidra\.ghidra_10.x_PUBLIC`.

- `./gradlew ghidraInstall` - build and install into Ghidra user directory (contents of `$GHIDRA_USER_DIR/Extensions/ghidra-rest-api` will be overwritten).
- `./gradlew ghidraInstallThenRun` - run `ghidraInstall` task then start Ghidra, useful for development.
- `./gradlew ghidraInstallThenDebug` - run `ghidraInstall` task then start Ghidra in debug mode, useful for development.

## License

Licensed under Apache License 2.0.

Commit message:

Add get functions endpoint
Rename symbol field

README.md, after:

ghidra-rest-api
===============

This extension adds read-only REST API to your Ghidra project.

## Installation

Download prebuilt package from the [Releases](https://github.com/kotcrab/ghidra-rest-api/releases) section. Select release which matches
your Ghidra version. Then in main Ghidra window:
1. Select `File -> Install Extensions`.
2. Press the green plus button.
3. Select downloaded ZIP.
4. Restart Ghidra.

## Usage

After installing this extension enable the `RestApiPlugin` in the `Miscellaneous` plugins configuration window.
Then after opening program select `Start Rest API Server` from the `Tools` menu bar. The server will start on port `18489`.
The port currently can only be changed by setting `GHIDRA_REST_API_PORT` environment variable.

The following endpoints are available:

- `GET /v1/bookmarks` - return all bookmarks from the current `Program`.
- `GET /v1/memory-blocks` - return all memory blocks from the current `Program`.
- `GET /v1/memory?address={addressString}&length={length}` - return memory of the current `Program`.
- `GET /v1/relocations` - return all relocations from the current `Program`.
- `GET /v1/functions` - return all functions from the current `Program`.
- `GET /v1/symbols` - return all symbols from the current `Program`.
- `GET /v1/types` - return all types used in the current `Program`.

If you have some usecase which requires access to other `Program` data then feel free to open issue describing what is needed.

## Building

`GHIDRA_INSTALL_DIR` environment variable must be set to Ghidra root installation directory.

- `./gradlew buildExtension` - build extension, this will create a zip file in the `dist` directory.

The following commands require `GHIDRA_USER_DIR` environment variable, it must be set to your Ghidra user
directory, for example: `C:\Users\<user>\.ghidra\.ghidra_10.x_PUBLIC`.

- `./gradlew ghidraInstall` - build and install into Ghidra user directory (contents of `$GHIDRA_USER_DIR/Extensions/ghidra-rest-api` will be overwritten).
- `./gradlew ghidraInstallThenRun` - run `ghidraInstall` task then start Ghidra, useful for development.
- `./gradlew ghidraInstallThenDebug` - run `ghidraInstall` task then start Ghidra in debug mode, useful for development.

## License

Licensed under Apache License 2.0.
